yes alex pastor when the ajax is nec
on it
prior to this competition you
plan to keep playing your own game
nevertheless seemed a bit coolest
Uterina arises that you also get more
defense the player is right because yes we
wild ones
Invite Ajax and and try in the
counterattack
but we do get rid of you a bit
words that time and play your own game
that NATO
yes you prefer to play of course on the
half of the opponent but the
honesty area we also say
that in previous editions
keep trying and without much
good luck
nevertheless took and is in the initial phase
it has possibilities here
I touch you know which way you play
You always feel against Ajax
chance but it is also true that the
ajax play offers your chances
become dangerous in the counterattack
with name and first 15 minutes 15 minutes
He has told us that a number of times
excellent succeeded without us
ultimately score
because you do need the course
above a plate, for example, that
yield sneered
yes, and it is prepared a bit
the difference that's why it becomes
what they read more effectively
Well not just that because I think so
ajax because it is easier than football
We only do that if you know them
invites on your own half and in the
counterattack which means that
Keep it full easier when you get off and on
toe in a shot and well we had then
that did not work and they had the scoring
from stage very difficult to
field occupation a bit adjusted and
I have to say in that phase and also in the
our share became the second half
in particular
if we had the ball much better and
with 208 there are two three big chances
had to get a connection hit or
to score even more
and if that fails then it stays
of course a difficult story
veda or box of navarone for which it says
exact reason from after what we could
better at it
in the field occupation familiar to us
are going to play
well i thought it worked out well
because he played a certain second
half
yes he has four or one
scoreboard
yes you mail tito doing good
Matters how will you feel now
i'm c-level your nakie in loss not
like it and certainly not with this kind
numbers and on the other hand on it
moment a rash in this way
comes about
then I like to look at the things that those
very good and critical of the
things we want to improve and that
is a moment apart from or a name river and
another four and lose and that
it will need each other because in
the last 6 matches will be the
prizes will not be distributed next
week but in all those competitions
Well then it makes no sense at the moment
that you lose going into a well
to sit